don't forget to organize this it is the important thing 



Your brain on porn by garry Wilson 

1. join the reddit community of no fap 
2. Proven fact " porn reduces grey matter " paper by jama psychaiatry institute 2014 



12 rules of life by Jordan pertorson : ( I will skip some cause I don't feel they are that important after all he is a human too )

1. Stand up Straigh with your shoulders Back 

Well we can follow this but I am following a mere mortal like I only want to follow what God said in bhagavath gita , Anyways let's start simple , Following this rule is fine 

2. Treat yourself that you are responsible for helping ( don't need ) 

I think he is saying it in another way like when we want to help others we have a lot of answers and advices but when it comes to use we don't have anything so treat yourself as someone , I think I don't need this 

3. Make friends with those people who want the best for you 

Like I think we should bring people close together , Rather than searching for the best people 

4. Compare to yourself yestarday 

Like there are always people who are above you and this will make you happier for the effort you put on every day 

5. Tell truth as much as possible and when you are stuck tell truth in a different manner 

6. Take time and be precise and smart in the way you speak 

7. Allow your childrean to skateboard 

8. Try to pet animals 


tasks to add : 
1. in the intense training session add becoming beautiful and the bus situation 
2. add in tasks to try to conquer this door situation in brain like you forget why you opened phone or why you entered a particular room like your brain takes it as segments you need a way to overcome that 
3. don't forget to do pushups while exercising 
4. Write morning meditation thing 
5. You should also limit all your minimum time waste things like eating or any other things where your time isn't being used in the way you want to use it like remember your fantasy dreams if you work on them for 15/7 for 20 years I think it could be achieved 

6. Complete all the things mentioned in what's app 
7. Don't practice typing I don't think you have any benefit with this like the best you need to is solving leet code problems ( gradually increase that to ml problems ) 

Save that link of death note anime 







Howard berg Overview of his interview ( paste that video link here );

	Reading isn't learning like he is saying learning something means you should apply when you need them even though some people read for day they weren't able to apply it to situations when they need them 

	Schema : 
	This is like a rule like when you read some passage or change page you need to know what that page is telling you

	Skipping : 
	When you know some things already you can skip them 

	Voice in your head : 
	He is saying we don't need that and quoted that " People will have a hard time at first but eventually if they keep trying they will get used to it " , Think about this for some time , He said the time is usally 8 weeks if you spend 1 hour a day 

	Your eye needs your hand to follow along so always move your hand through the text and try move your hand faster and your eyes will adapt to that speed 

	In-Order to understand any book completely you need to follow this 5 rules :

	1. Vocubulary : If there is a new word you don't understand then understand that first then for text look for change Like any kind of highlights and font change at specific topic you need to pay a close attention to them cause they are important that's why the writer highlighted them ,  

	2. Topics : if fiction learn the event for each page if maths or biology pay close attention to the formulas and thories , and note atleast three take aways in each topic [ sections , headings , sub-headings ]

	3. Read questions before reading chapter : So the readers know what they were looking for and focus more , if it is truly important to them 

	4. Take notes : When you are done reading the book write this three things which are important 
	 
		1. What you learned 
		2. Where are you going to use this information in your life : He said that if you don't write this your brain will delete this information cause it is not needed 
	
	5. You need to have fun while learning , Cause if you don't you will get boared 

He also highlighted that most people learn irrelevant stuff by wasting their time instead they could learn what questions will be asked at interview/Exam so they can focus only on that and learn it a lot faster 

He said that he always takes notes while reading to understand better , When he sees some boring parts like non-related/boring stuff then you can skip them  

Note: 

1. This techniques won't apply if you don't have some background information on the book like a politician reading a biologist book , You need to have some basics on them before hand 




How to get rich by inde hacker video by fireship :  (paste video link here ) 
	Amit Agarwal ( looks like he is richer than pieter levels ) , he develops chrome plugins , makes 20 million dollar a year 
	Just like in pieter levels book he is saying about how he got luck in only 3/10 of he is side projects which gave him some money to live 
Tips : 
	1. Don't code in secret like take feedback as early as possible , like he is explaining a situation where you build an app for 2 years in secret and release it only to realize nobody actually want it 
	2. Marketing : This might be the biggest problem ever since you don't have any followers and also don't have any money to prompt it , I suggest you start building your followers now and prompt it when you have an app 
	3. Don't learn a junk of stuff like all that doesn't matter just make it so that it works well , you can build it in python and when it really gets famous you can hire someone to make it better and efficient 
	4. App design tips : [ Functional > Beautiful > Unique ] you should definitely maintain this order in your app , also he suggested to check this website Mobbin.com 
	5. Sam Altman Quote " if you build a product make it so that people would publish it themselves  " I think to learn the journey of chat gpt would be good cause I don't know if he built in public or secret 
	6. Initially don't focus on making money just focus on growing customers , cause it is again same with openAI , whatsapp , facebook , instagram and everything 
Things I realized : 
	1. Make as many popular friends as possible like investors , Influencers so that they can be your first customers , like you know that story of instagram builder right how he managed to get 50,000 dollars as investment even with low users in app ,It is just that he has good friends , it is just like every story that I have mostly heard , like mark zuckerberg has his friend 




Lex firdman podcast of walter Isscason :  He specifically said that this isn't an " How to Guide " 

Lessons I learned : 
	1. Be a visual thinker as much as possible like up to the bigger picture ( he explained some situations about elon musk and einstein ) 
	2. Lex asked " when do you think Elon will retire " ? , Walter answered " He hates to retire he is addicted to this intense situations , Elon said that vacations will kill you ! " 




Segment_1 ) Difficult childhood 

All of the great people that he had wrote books about , were suffered during childhood , But in the end that's what made them greater , 
Question : Is it needed for everyone ?
Answer : No , But you have the choice to live yourself out of comfort zone and live upto your father's expectation , Barack Obama quoted this " Every successful man is trying to live upto his fathers expectations or makeup for their fathers mistake " this applicable during childhood I think 

He said elon must was addicted to intensity situations like when things get light after solving a bunch of problems he would go for higher grounds just make situations intense , it wasn't the results it was what's happening in his brain, He also highlighted that this was driven by the mission , this was specifically highlighted by walter issacson 

Question : The common things that you have drawn from your books and from their life stories m
Answer : Be truthful to yourself like know your ups and downs and try to harness them in a way that benefits you 




Things I don't know what to do : 
	1. He said that elon was a tough manager like he would fire people without hesitation , that he doesn't care what others think when it comes to your bussiness , walter also highlighted that when he asked woz about ipad2 launch where jobs wasn't involved because he was sick , woz said if I was running apple I would be nice to everyone and we would be a family , But then we couldn't have reached where we are now , So walter said you got be brutal honest sometimes like if it sucks say it sucks , walter also said that he heard this many people like jeff , bill gates and other bussiness man ( just note that it is sometimes necessary not always )
	2. Leonardo di vinci was a gay and heavy procastinator 
    3. Having an end to end control is important like " Tesla first outsourced everything but When elon became CEO he made all the parts in the factory itself this gave him the opportunity to design every part of the Product "
	4. When walter asked steve jobs what was the best product that he created , Jobs didn't say macintosh or ipad or some product he said it was the Team who created them , This was a great thing cause even elon and bill gates in his early stages they were all doing great things bringing together a great team , He also added Tim Cook in that list , don't forget that quote from steve jobs " I am the orchestra " 
	5. Walter said few rules on how he writes a book " first of all people love to talk if you are willing to listen , so don't interject them in the middle let them finish and don't ask complex questions in the start let them understand you , finally don't force anything try to find another way " 


Elon Musk Hiring process : 
Walter said that he approaches skip level meeting like before firing some people he would meet with people who is one level below to the people who report to him , So after finding the higher ups are not worthy he would meet the below people and have a talk with them for one 2 sessions and would hire the best of them as the team lead 

example : There is a guy named jacob mckenzie whom elon musk saw his talent and to test that he one day called after 3:00 am and asked are you up he replied Yeah I was doing some work and he offered how would you like to be the team lead of raptor engine , well there are also other situation where he was wrong Brain Dow the head of solar installation and when he saw he was wrong that this guy isn't capable of doing this work boom he fired him , 

Also there is another sitation , A guy named Tim zaman left tesla cause he was burned out by the work there and when he joined another one he was bored there and he called elon and asked can I come back elon said sure cause tim said that " I would rather be burned out then get bored " 

Walter said that Elon is more like a serial tasker than a multi tasker like he completes one task in an x time and immediately switches to another one rather than focusing on multiple things at once 

Walter also said that elon is an urgency guy , There was a launch in 8 months for mars and Elon was working there at friday night around 10:00 pm and ordered that he need 200 employees as fast as possible cause if don't rush right now we were never going to get to mars 



Segment_2 ) Einstein 

When lex asked that " how did he achieve all this ground breaking discoveries in just one year " and walter replied " Don't forget about the day job he has " like this is such a savage moment it is not just one year we should consider like we all miss about the day job thing 


lex finally asked the biggest question 
Question : How important are romantic relationships to the success of great minds ? ( He asked this based on Einstein )
Answer : Walter explained Einstein life with his wives but I din't understand what he is actually refering to is it a strong yes or no I didn't understand that 



Questions : 

1. why did he buy twitter instead of building a company from scratch , They said something but I didn't understand that 


Order all this when you are done writing 

Things to do : 
	1. Don't forget that quote from einstein that empty mind thinks more ( learn about this did he mean food or what ) 
	2. About the thought that you had while bicycling that " Order tasks according to importance and go from most important to less one " 
	3. Don't forget that lesson where a interviewer said that " Elon musk is the only CEO who knows so much about his product " 

Random Idea : 

If I were to do a podcast like lex then I would want my Guest to have a good sleep and rest so that he can be the best of his version and also reveal all question to him before so that he could form the best phrase of his version which would have a greater impact on the audience and off course I would also ask some questions as the interview progresses 

Questions : 
1. How would you deal with the situation like kevin systrom faced ( the who created instagram ) when face book bought it for 1 billion dollars only the 2 founders got benefitted but the remaining employees who worked their ass off didn't benefit much from them , but he cannot split the money cause he has another ideas in his mind which need funding to come to reality ? 

You are not the only one who is looking for a way to live forever , Elon musk said that " There are a lot of tech bros in silicon valley who are looking for ways to live forever " 

sisyphus : He was a king who thought himself that he was more intelligent than the gods , So he cheated death god twice to escape death , After a long time finally zeus god got angry and punished sisyphus that he should just roll a rock to the top of the mountain and roll it to on the other side until he finishes that he can not go to any world neither heaven nor hell nor the land of living , so sisyphus tried his best to push the rock to the top but every time when he was so close the rock would roll back and he has to start that again , This was the Gods plan all along that he is meant to roll the rock for all eternity 




harkirat Singh ( How to get a remote job ): 


his notes on how to apply to companies : 
1. Dont Contribute unless you've reached a certain level of expertise 
2. Do not use GPT to solve anything 
3.Do not spam every company that I'm mentioningg here 
4. Contribute to one company for 2-4 weeks and if they don't reach out to you by now you can reach out to them through any social media platforms 
30-80k$ for full time 
10-25k$ for interns (does he mean per month or per year )


check the screen shot number 21 , It has a sample projects on how a resume should look like 

Before you start contributing to them make sure they have remote jobs avaliable and they are ready to hire people from INDIA  

contributions that most companies Like : 
1. Re-build their landaing page 
2. Build a feature they need as a library 
3. Build an integration on top of thier API 


For jobs we can go to naukri.com but for companies working and funding details go to [ Y combinator or Tech stars] and specifically for AI companies we should check AI Grants , don't message them for job roles instead find a way for them to get you 


add this thing that you should buy UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply ) for pc , Also everyone is suggesting that Cyber power brand is a good one I think 


let calculate your total time in a day : 24 hours 

10 pm to 6 am	   = sleep 				= 8 hours 
7:30 am , 8:30 am  = Exercise 			= 1 hour 
5 pm to 7 pm 	   = Exercise 			= 2 hours 

8 + 1 + 2 = 11 - 24 = 13 hours 

Write in notion that in the morning exercise you should take 50 push ups with hand and in the rest of the day you can take the remaining 50 , mark the distance once more in phone your route is like this mark how long does it take to reach from there to home , the distance was a total 13 km ride 


it took 2 hours just to cycle 13 km you need to decrease this time more 



Tasks Today : 
1. see that vim video and find anything that we can add to vs code 
2. complete harkirat singh video 
3. If you ever want to create an Youtube channel please create only comedy one not eductaion example : Fireship vs Mermaid scales , Paste this in one note 
4. I realised that meditation without thinking anything is the best practice to achieve inner peace 
5. Analyse and reorder this section neatly in one note 


save that harkirat sing gmails photo 


Also tomorrow you have to complete this so called revising everything and then immediately complete that house price prediction in bay area project here is the link to follow along and check your results with him " https://youtu.be/Wqmtf9SA_kk?si=7Flh1QUg-4AlGVX_ " 



Power Bi learnings from Free code Camp : 

When you transform data know that the recent changes or shown in Applied Steps section 

Well I don't want to learn that I want to be a model builder not some data analyst 


todo : 
1. Fast fourier Transform (fft) by reducible (youtube channel) 
2. Discrete Fourier Transform by reducible 
3. I am thinking like after completing your notes revision watch that playlist of ml that you have downloaded then go to pytorch , While writing notes create a section like vim for each topic like one for filling missing values and one technique for univariate analysis 
a) what are the things we check for in univariate analysis and all details 

4. Prepare some projects to note in resume , This projects should be like the one showed in harkirat sing resume 
5. Plan all this about how you should do all this while applying job 


Sympy Tutorial by NeuralNine 

Square root : math.sqrt(23) = 4.79 , sympy.sqrt(23) = sqrt(23) 



